If there are 7 bottle caps in a box and Linda puts 7 more bottle caps inside, how many bottle caps are in the box?
Jose starts with 7 bottle caps. He gets 2 more from Rebecca. How many bottle caps does Jose end with?
Bridget has 4 Skittles. Henry has 4 Skittles. If Henry gives all of his Skittles to Bridget, how many Skittles will Bridget have?
Brenda starts with 7 Skittles. She buys 8 more. How many Skittles does Brenda end with?
There are 4 cards. 3 cards more are added. How many are there total?
There are 4 marbles. 7 marbles more are added. How many are there total?
There are 8 oranges. 8 oranges more are added. How many are there total?
Carol collects 2 peanuts. Carol's father gives Carol 5 more. How many peanuts does Carol have?
There are 9 cards. 4 cards more are added. How many are there total?
If there are 7 bottle caps in a box and Linda puts 7 more bottle caps inside, how many bottle caps are in the box?
Bobby collects 2 blocks. Bobby's father gives Bobby 6 more. How many blocks does Bobby have?
Peter starts with 8 erasers. Bridget gives Peter 3 more. How many erasers does Peter end with?
If there are 7 crayons in a box and Gerald puts 6 more crayons inside, how many crayons are in the box?
Michelle has 2 crayons. Janet has 2 crayons. If Janet gives all of her crayons to Michelle, how many crayons will Michelle have?
Anna collects 6 blocks. Anna's father gives Anna 8 more. How many blocks does Anna have?
Donald has 4 oranges. He finds another 5. How many oranges does Donald have in all?
If there are 7 eggs in a box and Daniel puts 4 more eggs inside, how many eggs are in the box?
Wayne collects 9 blocks. Wayne's father gives Wayne 6 more. How many blocks does Wayne have?
Bridget has 4 Skittles. Henry has 4 Skittles. If Henry gives all of his Skittles to Bridget, how many Skittles will Bridget have?
Ralph collects 4 cards. Ralph's father gives Ralph 8 more. How many cards does Ralph have?
Martha starts with 3 cards. She gets 76 more from Emily. How many cards does Martha end with?
There are 86 blocks. 9 blocks more are added. How many are there total?
Cheryl starts with 8 Skittles. Kathryn gives Cheryl 89 more. How many Skittles does Cheryl end with?
If there are 76 erasers in a box and Patrick puts 9 more erasers inside, how many erasers are in the box?
Amy starts with 7 peanuts. Gerald gives Amy 55 more. How many peanuts does Amy end with?
Teresa starts with 52 bananas. She gets 2 more from Rachel. How many bananas does Teresa end with?
Gloria has 2 pencils. Lisa has 99 pencils. If Lisa gives all of her pencils to Gloria, how many pencils will Gloria have?
Mildred collects 77 oranges. Mildred's father gives Mildred 2 more. How many oranges does Mildred have?
Anna starts with 5 candies. She gets 86 more from Larry. How many candies does Anna end with?
Martha has 2 peanuts. Joyce has 26 peanuts. If Joyce gives all of her peanuts to Martha, how many peanuts will Martha have?
Kevin starts with 7 cards. He finds another 47. How many cards does Kevin end with?
Joshua has 40 bottle caps. He buys 7 more. How many bottle caps does Joshua have in all?
Nicholas starts with 8 bottle caps. He gets 85 more from Catherine. How many bottle caps does Nicholas end with?
Mary starts with 27 eggs. She finds another 4. How many eggs does Mary end with?
Shirley starts with 98 eggs. She buys 8 more. How many eggs does Shirley end with?
William starts with 15 tickets. He buys 3 more. How many tickets does William end with?
Harry starts with 79 apples. He buys 5 more. How many apples does Harry end with?
Barbara has 9 candies. She buys 18 more. How many candies does Barbara have in all?
Eugene has 51 pencils. He gets 6 more from Joyce. How many pencils does Eugene have in all?
Anthony has 9 pencils. Kathryn gives Anthony 56 more. How many pencils does Anthony have in all?
Andrew starts with 8 eggs. He buys 62 more. How many eggs does Andrew end with?
Annie starts with 4 crayons. Matthew gives Annie 36 more. How many crayons does Annie end with?
Angela has 11 tickets. Annie gives Angela 4 more. How many tickets does Angela have in all?
Charles has 4 apples. Jessica gives Charles 39 more. How many apples does Charles have in all?
Lisa starts with 91 bananas. Maria gives Lisa 8 more. How many bananas does Lisa end with?
Evelyn starts with 18 bottle caps. She finds another 63. How many bottle caps does Evelyn end with?
Brenda has 34 apples. She gets 37 more from Willie. How many apples does Brenda have in all?
Joseph has 67 candies. Kathy gives Joseph 38 more. How many candies does Joseph have in all?
Janet has 57 apples. She finds another 95. How many apples does Janet have in all?
Nancy starts with 91 bottle caps. She finds another 88. How many bottle caps does Nancy end with?
Harold has 53 marbles. He gets 16 more from Steve. How many marbles does Harold have in all?
Denise removes 5 bananas from a jar. There were originally 46 bananas in the jar. How many bananas are left in the jar?
Arthur removes 4 pencils from a jar. There were originally 87 pencils in the jar. How many pencils are left in the jar?
Joyce starts with 75 apples. She gives 52 to Larry. How many apples does Joyce end with?
Rachel removes 47 bottle caps from a jar. There were originally 87 bottle caps in the jar. How many bottle caps are left in the jar?
Anne weighs 67 pounds. Douglas weighs 52 pounds. How much heavier is Anne than Douglas?
Jessica weighs 49 pounds. Thomas weighs 44 pounds. How much heavier is Jessica than Thomas?
Debra removes 22 apples from a jar. There were originally 57 apples in the jar. How many apples are left in the jar?
Virginia starts with 96 eggs. Amy takes 3 away. How many eggs does Virginia end with?
Donna weighs 69 pounds. Willie weighs 51 pounds. How much heavier is Donna than Willie?
There are 47 eggs in a box. Harry takes 5 eggs. How many are left?
Edward starts with 92 eggs. He gives 40 to Phillip. How many eggs does Edward end with?
David removes 7 eggs from a jar. There were originally 27 eggs in the jar. How many eggs are left in the jar?
There are 79 pencils in a box. Eric takes 4 pencils. How many are left?
Jane starts with 87 crayons. 7 are eaten by a hippopotamus. How many crayons does Jane end with?
Roger has 95 candies. He gives 3 to Stephanie. How many candies will Roger have?
There are 96 oranges in a box. Jonathan takes 45 oranges. How many are left?
Marie starts with 95 erasers. She loses 42. How many erasers does Marie end with?
There are 22 oranges in a box. Paula takes 7 oranges. How many are left?
Melissa has 88 bananas. She shares 4 with Joshua. How many bananas will Melissa have?
Larry has 67 cards. Dennis takes 9 away. How many cards will Larry have?
John weighs 81 pounds. Roy weighs 4 pounds. How much heavier is John than Roy?
Larry starts with 93 stickers. He loses 6. How many stickers does Larry end with?
Carlos starts with 39 bananas. 3 are eaten by a hippopotamus. How many bananas does Carlos end with?
Patricia starts with 76 candies. Albert takes 5 away. How many candies does Patricia end with?
There are 16 bottle caps in a box. Marvin takes 6 bottle caps. How many are left?
Ernest starts with 17 crayons. Jennifer takes 6 away. How many crayons does Ernest end with?
Mildred weighs 59 pounds. Carol weighs 9 pounds. How much heavier is Mildred than Carol?
Diana starts with 65 bottle caps. 4 are eaten by a hippopotamus. How many bottle caps does Diana end with?
Ruby has 63 apples. Emily takes 55 away. How many apples will Ruby have?
Craig starts with 5 Skittles. 2 are eaten by a hippopotamus. How many Skittles does Craig end with?
Steve has 46 oranges. He shares 4 with Patrick. How many oranges will Steve have?
Bridget weighs 39 pounds. Martha weighs 2 pounds. How much heavier is Bridget than Martha?
Brian has 76 cards. Wayne takes 59 away. How many cards will Brian have?
Billy has 62 crayons. 52 are eaten by a hippopotamus. How many crayons will Billy have?
Pamela starts with 30 bottle caps. Jean takes 26 away. How many bottle caps does Pamela end with?
Katherine has 34 bottle caps. 8 are eaten by a hippopotamus. How many bottle caps will Katherine have?
Melissa has 70 oranges. John takes 19 away. How many oranges will Melissa have?
Norma starts with 47 bananas. She loses 45. How many bananas does Norma end with?
Willie starts with 36 stickers. He gives 7 to Emily. How many stickers does Willie end with?
Aaron starts with 81 erasers. He gives 34 to Doris. How many erasers does Aaron end with?
Charles has 25 Skittles. Diana takes 7 away. How many Skittles will Charles have?
Norma has 88 cards. She loses 70. How many cards will Norma have?
Pamela has 50 Skittles. She gives 7 to Karen. How many Skittles will Pamela have?
Evelyn starts with 76 Skittles. She shares 72 with Christine. How many Skittles does Evelyn end with?
Helen starts with 82 cards. Gary takes 9 away. How many cards does Helen end with?
Ruth starts with 89 apples. She shares 5 with Peter. How many apples does Ruth end with?
Carlos has 58 blocks. He gives 21 to Rachel. How many blocks will Carlos have?
Jesse starts with 78 pencils. He gives 44 to Joshua. How many pencils does Jesse end with?
Roger has 92 blocks. 2 are eaten by a hippopotamus. How many blocks will Roger have?
Heather starts with 86 blocks. She shares 41 with Jose. How many blocks does Heather end with?
Ralph starts with 74 peanuts. He loses 59. How many peanuts does Ralph end with?
Jack starts with 62 marbles. He shares 33 with Rebecca. How many marbles does Jack end with?
Clarence has 99 tickets. He gives 7 to Eugene. How many tickets will Clarence have?
Sean has 55 blocks. 29 are eaten by a hippopotamus. How many blocks will Sean have?
Tina has 82 bananas. She gets 3 more from Joyce. How many bananas does Tina have in all?
Janet has 3 stickers. She gets 53 more from Ruth. How many stickers does Janet have in all?
Jennifer starts with 7 apples. She finds another 74. How many apples does Jennifer end with?
Heather has 60 oranges. Russell takes 35 away. How many oranges will Heather have?
Helen starts with 9 oranges. She gets 29 more from Ann. How many oranges does Helen end with?
William has 2 bottle caps. He buys 41 more. How many bottle caps does William have in all?
Dorothy has 72 cards. She gives 5 to Harold. How many cards will Dorothy have?
Sara has 10 marbles. She loses 7. How many marbles will Sara have?
Jennifer has 72 cards. 61 are eaten by a hippopotamus. How many cards will Jennifer have?
Wanda has 4 blocks. Theresa gives Wanda 79 more. How many blocks does Wanda have in all?
William has 10 marbles. He shares 3 with Theresa. How many marbles will William have?
Larry starts with 91 cards. 17 are eaten by a hippopotamus. How many cards does Larry end with?
Sarah has 26 bottle caps. She buys 3 more. How many bottle caps does Sarah have in all?
There are 3 eggs in each box. How many eggs are in 2 boxes?
Each bottle cap costs $2.00. How much do 6 bottle caps cost?
Each child has 3 oranges. If there are 4 children, how many oranges are there in total?
Each banana costs $5.00. How much do 4 bananas cost?
Each ticket costs $9.00. How much do 4 tickets cost?
Each bottle cap costs $5.00. How much do 5 bottle caps cost?
Michelle has 7 boxes of crayons. Each box holds 5 crayons. How many crayons does Michelle have?
There are 8 marbles in each box. How many marbles are in 6 boxes?
Each child has 2 candies. If there are 9 children, how many candies are there in total?
Each child has 5 bottle caps. If there are 9 children, how many bottle caps are there in total?
Each child has 6 pencils. If there are 2 children, how many pencils are there in total?
Each child has 5 bottle caps. If there are 9 children, how many bottle caps are there in total?
Each ticket costs $9.00. How much do 4 tickets cost?
Stephanie went to the store 8 times last month. She buys 2 oranges each time she goes to the store. How many oranges did Stephanie buy last month?
Sarah has 7 boxes of apples. Each box holds 7 apples. How many apples does Sarah have?
Martin has 8 boxes of crayons. Each box holds 7 crayons. How many crayons does Martin have?
There are 9 bottle caps in each box. How many bottle caps are in 6 boxes?
Paula has 6 boxes of peanuts. Each box holds 4 peanuts. How many peanuts does Paula have?
Eric has 3 boxes of pencils. Each box holds 9 pencils. How many pencils does Eric have?
There are 6 marbles in each box. How many marbles are in 3 boxes?
Kimberly went to the store 3 times last month. She buys 7 peanuts each time she goes to the store. How many peanuts did Kimberly buy last month?
Ronald went to the store 2 times last month. He buys 10 bananas each time he goes to the store. How many bananas did Ronald buy last month?
Kathleen went to the store 5 times last month. She buys 5 bottle caps each time she goes to the store. How many bottle caps did Kathleen buy last month?
There are 4 crayons in each box. How many crayons are in 3 boxes?
Kimberly went to the store 3 times last month. She buys 7 peanuts each time she goes to the store. How many peanuts did Kimberly buy last month?
The school is planning a field trip. There are 14 students and 2 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?
Betty has 24 oranges stored in boxes. If there are 3 boxes, how many oranges must go in each box?
The school is planning a field trip. There are 9 students and 3 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?
There are 2 students in the class and 18 pencils. If the pencils are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?
There are 9 students in the class and 81 tickets. If the tickets are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?
There are 35 bottle caps in Beverly's bottle cap collection. If the bottle caps are organized into 7 groups, how big is each group?
Jeffrey wants to split a collection of bottle caps into groups of 2. Jeffrey has 12 bottle caps. How many groups will be created?
There are 9 students in the class and 81 tickets. If the tickets are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?
Peter has 3 candies stored in boxes. If there are 3 boxes, how many candies must go in each box?
There are 7 students in the class and 42 apples. If the apples are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?
Martha is inviting 4 friends to a party. She has 12 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?
Jesse has 21 bananas. If he shares them among 3 friends, how many bananas does each friend get?
There are 7 students in the class and 56 eggs. If the eggs are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?
Elizabeth is inviting 5 friends to a party. She has 5 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?
There are 72 cards in Jean's card collection. If the cards are organized into 9 groups, how big is each group?
Eric wants to split a collection of peanuts into groups of 8. Eric has 64 peanuts. How many groups will be created?
Henry wants to split a collection of crayons into groups of 6. Henry has 42 crayons. How many groups will be created?
Jack is inviting 4 friends to a party. He has 4 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?
Harry is inviting 3 friends to a party. He has 12 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?
There are 30 candies in Kathy's candy collection. If the candies are organized into 10 groups, how big is each group?
Deborah is inviting 10 friends to a party. She has 80 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?
The school is planning a field trip. There are 28 students and 7 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?
There are 36 bananas in Diane's banana collection. If the bananas are organized into 6 groups, how big is each group?
There are 36 bananas in Diane's banana collection. If the bananas are organized into 6 groups, how big is each group?
Louise has 42 oranges stored in boxes. If there are 7 boxes, how many oranges must go in each box?
The school is planning a field trip. There are 45 students and 9 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?
Michael has 16 blocks stored in boxes. If there are 8 boxes, how many blocks must go in each box?
Albert has 35 oranges stored in boxes. If there are 7 boxes, how many oranges must go in each box?
Lori has 30 marbles. If she shares them among 5 friends, how many marbles does each friend get?
Brenda wants to split a collection of erasers into groups of 90. Brenda has 270 erasers. How many groups will be created?
The school is planning a field trip. There are 180 students and 60 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?
Bonnie has 10 tickets. If she shares them among 2 friends, how many tickets does each friend get?
Steven wants to split a collection of cards into groups of 6. Steven has 30 cards. How many groups will be created?
Eric has 9306 erasers. If he shares them among 99 friends, how many erasers does each friend get?
Diana has 3840 erasers. If she shares them among 48 friends, how many erasers does each friend get?
Ashley sold 12 boxes of Samoas. How many cases of 12 boxes, plus extra boxes does Ashley need?
Ashley sold 12 boxes of Samoas. How many cases of 12 boxes, plus extra boxes does Ashley need?
Ashley sold 12 boxes of Samoas. How many cases of 12 boxes, plus extra boxes does Ashley need?
Ashley sold 12 boxes of Samoas. How many cases of 12 boxes, plus extra boxes does Ashley need?
Sarah sold 24 boxes of Lemon Chalet Cremes. How many cases of 12 boxes, plus extra boxes does Sarah need?
If Karen sold 36 boxes of Tagalongs, how many cases of 12 boxes does Karen pickup from the cookie mom?
If Karen sold 36 boxes of Tagalongs, how many cases of 12 boxes does Karen pickup from the cookie mom?
If Karen sold 36 boxes of Tagalongs, how many cases of 12 boxes does Karen pickup from the cookie mom?
If Madison sold 24 boxes of Tagalongs, how many cases of 12 boxes does Madison pickup from the cookie mom?
If Karen sold 36 boxes of Tagalongs, how many cases of 12 boxes does Karen pickup from the cookie mom?
If Harold split 15 apples between 3 people in her class and kept the left overs, how many apples did each classmate get?
If Victor split 25 Skittles between 5 people in her class and kept the left overs, how many Skittles did each classmate get?
Jenny sold 24 boxes of Trefoils. How many cases of 8 boxes, plus extra boxes does Jenny need to deliver?
Gumballs come in packages of 5. Nathan ate 20 gumballs. How many whole boxes did he eat and how many gumballs does he have left?
Shirley sold 20 boxes of Do-Si-Dos. How many cases of 4 boxes, plus extra boxes does Shirley need to deliver?
Lemon heads come in packages of 6. Louis ate 54 Lemon Heads. How many whole boxes did he eat and how many Lemon Heads does he have left?
Lemon heads come in packages of 6. Louis ate 54 Lemon Heads. How many whole boxes did he eat and how many Lemon Heads does he have left?
Lemon heads come in packages of 6. Louis ate 54 Lemon Heads. How many whole boxes did he eat and how many Lemon Heads does he have left?
Marilyn starts with 51 bottle caps. She shares 36 with Nancy. How many bottle caps does Marilyn end with?
William has 2 bottle caps. He buys 41 more. How many bottle caps does William have in all?
Carol starts with 42 blocks. She loses 25. How many blocks does Carol end with?
Lillian collects 88 candies. Lillian's father gives Lillian 5 more. How many candies does Lillian have?
William has 2 bottle caps. He buys 41 more. How many bottle caps does William have in all?
There are 8 apples in a pile on the desk. Each apple comes in a package of 11. 5 apples are added to the pile. How many apples are there in the pile?
Sean has 9 apples. Susan gives Sean 8 more. Later, Sean buys 18 tickets at the store. How many apples does Sean have in all?
There are 2 bananas in a pile on the desk. Each banana comes in a package of 17. 7 bananas are added to the pile. How many bananas are there in the pile?
There are 6 candies in a pile on the desk. Each candy comes in a package of 15. 4 candies are added to the pile. How many candies are there in the pile?
Kimberly has 5 Skittles. She buys 7 more. Later, Kimberly buys 18 oranges at the store. How many Skittles does Kimberly have in all?
Clarence has 5 oranges. He gets 3 more from Joyce. Later, Clarence buys 9 Skittles at the store. How many oranges does Clarence have in all?
There are 2 apples in a pile on the desk. Each apple comes in a package of 7. 4 apples are added to the pile. How many apples are there in the pile?
Kimberly has 5 Skittles. She buys 7 more. Later, Kimberly buys 18 oranges at the store. How many Skittles does Kimberly have in all?
Annie has 6 apples. She gets 6 more from Nathan. Later, Annie buys 10 crayons at the store. How many apples does Annie have in all?
Joyce has 8 eggs. Marie gives Joyce 6 more. Later, Joyce buys 13 erasers at the store. How many eggs does Joyce have in all?
There are 2 bananas in a pile on the desk. Each banana comes in a package of 13. 7 bananas are added to the pile. How many bananas are there in the pile?
Kenneth has 3 marbles. He buys 6 more. Later, Kenneth buys 15 apples at the store. How many marbles does Kenneth have in all?
Arthur has 6 cards. Aaron has with 5 cards. Aaron finds another 62. How many cards does Aaron end with?
Scott has 4 tickets. Ernest has with 9 tickets. Ernest finds another 72. How many tickets does Ernest end with?
Diane has 37 crayons. She gets 5 more from Frances. Later, Diane buys 16 cards at the store. How many crayons does Diane have in all?
Adam has 13 blocks. Ann has with 9 blocks. Ann finds another 44. How many blocks does Ann end with?
Ronald has 13 blocks. Martha has with 4 blocks. Martha finds another 80. How many blocks does Martha end with?
Albert has 9 bottle caps. Anne has with 10 bottle caps. Anne finds another 5. How many bottle caps does Anne end with?
Evelyn has 95 marbles. She gets 9 more from Henry. Later, Evelyn buys 6 cards at the store. How many marbles does Evelyn have in all?
David has 8 bananas. He gets 50 more from Christopher. Later, David buys 9 cards at the store. How many bananas does David have in all?
Emily collects 63 cards. Emily's father gives Emily 7 more. Bruce has 13 apples. How many cards does Emily have?
Carolyn starts with 47 marbles and 6 oranges. She shares 42 with Diana. How many marbles does Carolyn end with?
Willie has 48 bananas. Charles has 14 bananas. He loses 35. How many bananas will Willie have?
There are 55 oranges in a box. Deborah has 11 oranges in a bag. Susan takes 35 oranges out of the box. How many oranges are left in the box?
There are 77 apples in a box. Louise has 9 apples in a bag. Scott takes 75 apples out of the box. How many apples are left in the box?
Bruce has 75 eggs. Kimberly has 17 eggs. He loses 70. How many eggs will Bruce have?
There are 69 erasers in a box. Jane has 15 erasers in a bag. Doris takes 54 erasers out of the box. How many erasers are left in the box?
There are 97 erasers in a box. Ernest has 17 erasers in a bag. Mark takes 97 erasers out of the box. How many erasers are left in the box?
There are 88 candies in a box. Lisa has 18 candies in a bag. Diana takes 6 candies out of the box. How many candies are left in the box?
Brandon has 96 Skittles. Bonnie has 4 Skittles. He loses 9. How many Skittles will Brandon have?
Theresa has 32 crayons. Janice has 12 crayons. She shares 13 with Nancy. How many crayons will Theresa have?
Craig has 20 apples. Judy has 11 apples. He shares 7 with Eugene. How many apples will Craig have?
Heather weighs 87 pounds. Emily weighs 9 pounds. Elizabeth weighs 8 pounds. How much heavier is Heather than Emily?
George has 2 boxes of blocks. Each box holds 6 blocks and there are 5 boxes in a case. How many blocks does George have?
Maria has 3 boxes of eggs. Each box holds 7 eggs and there are 8 boxes in a case. How many eggs does Maria have?
Gloria has 9 boxes of tickets. Each box holds 5 tickets and there are 10 boxes in a case. How many tickets does Gloria have?
George has 5 boxes of eggs. Each box holds 3 eggs and there are 9 boxes in a case. How many eggs does George have?
Jacqueline has 4 boxes of erasers. Each box holds 10 erasers and there are 9 boxes in a case. How many erasers does Jacqueline have?
Marilyn has 40 bananas that must be put away in boxes. Daniel comes to help and brings 10 cookies to share with Marilyn. If there are 8 boxes, how many bananas must go in each box?
Rose has 9 apples and 12 erasers. If she shares the apples among 3 friends, how many apples does each friend get?
Joshua has 40 Skittles and 6 eggs. If he shares the Skittles among 5 friends, how many Skittles does each friend get?
Ryan has 72 marbles and 17 blocks. If he shares the marbles among 9 friends, how many marbles does each friend get?
Ruby has 36 candies and 6 bananas. If she shares the candies among 9 friends, how many candies does each friend get?
Scott has 56 oranges that must be put away in boxes. Terry comes to help and brings 11 cookies to share with Scott. If there are 8 boxes, how many oranges must go in each box?
Joyce has 40 bananas that must be put away in boxes. Fred comes to help and brings 18 cookies to share with Joyce. If there are 10 boxes, how many bananas must go in each box?
Joe has 45 oranges that must be put away in boxes. Daniel comes to help and brings 16 cookies to share with Joe. If there are 9 boxes, how many oranges must go in each box?
Ernest has 45 bananas that must be put away in boxes. Julie comes to help and brings 3 cookies to share with Ernest. If there are 5 boxes, how many bananas must go in each box?
Virginia has 16 eggs and 8 Skittles. If she shares the eggs among 4 friends, how many eggs does each friend get?
Shawn has 13 blocks. Mildred has with 2 blocks. Mildred finds another 84. How many blocks does Mildred end with?
If Anne wandered for 3 hours at 2 miles per hour. How far did Anne go?
It took Amanda 3 hours to stroll to Kimberly's house at 2 miles per hour. How far is it between Amanda's house and Kimberly's house?
If Stephanie ran for 3 hours at 5 miles per hour. How far did Stephanie go?
If Charles strolled 6 miles at 3 miles per hour, how long was Charles travelling?
It took Carl 5 hours to ride to Ralph's house at 2 miles per hour. How far is it between Carl's house and Ralph's house?
Emily sprinted to Timothy's house. It is 10 miles from Emily's house to Timothy's house. It took Emily 2 hours to get there. How fast did Emily go?
If Norma wandered for 5 hours at 3 miles per hour. How far did Norma go?
If Charles strolled 6 miles at 3 miles per hour, how long was Charles travelling?
If Anne wandered for 3 hours at 2 miles per hour. How far did Anne go?
If Rose strolled for 4 hours at 2 miles per hour. How far did Rose go?
It took Amanda 2 hours to stroll to Kimberly's house at 4 miles per hour. How far is it between Amanda's house and Kimberly's house?
Martin strolled to Lawrence's house. It is 12 miles from Martin's house to Lawrence's house. It took Martin 6 hours to get there. How fast did Martin go?
It took Amanda 5 hours to stroll to Kimberly's house at 2 miles per hour. How far is it between Amanda's house and Kimberly's house?
Martin strolled to Lawrence's house. It is 12 miles from Martin's house to Lawrence's house. It took Martin 6 hours to get there. How fast did Martin go?
Emily sprinted to Timothy's house. It is 10 miles from Emily's house to Timothy's house. It took Emily 2 hours to get there. How fast did Emily go?
Jose strolled to Jane's house. It is 24 miles from Jose's house to Jane's house. It took Jose 12 hours to get there. How fast did Jose go?
It took Katherine 3 hours to run to Louis's house at 8 miles per hour. How far is it between Katherine's house and Louis's house?
Patrick jogged to Aaron's house. It is 14 miles from Patrick's house to Aaron's house. It took Patrick 2 hours to get there. How fast did Patrick go?
Rachel strolled to Nicholas's house. It is 10 miles from Rachel's house to Nicholas's house. It took Rachel 5 hours to get there. How fast did Rachel go?
If Joan bicycled 25 miles at 5 miles per hour, how long was Joan travelling?
Mark sprinted 24 miles at 6 miles per hour. How long did Mark sprint?
If Benjamin strolled 14 miles at 2 miles per hour, how long was Benjamin travelling?
Mark sprinted 24 miles at 6 miles per hour. How long did Mark sprint?
If Joan bicycled 25 miles at 5 miles per hour, how long was Joan travelling?
Christine wandered 20 miles at 4 miles per hour. How long did Christine wander?
Christine wandered 20 miles at 4 miles per hour. How long did Christine wander?
James rode 80 miles at 16 miles per hour. How long did James ride?
Juan ran 80 miles at 10 miles per hour. How long did Juan run?
James rode 80 miles at 16 miles per hour. How long did James ride?
Lisa flew 256 miles at 32 miles per hour. How long did Lisa fly?
Lisa flew 256 miles at 32 miles per hour. How long did Lisa fly?
Christopher strolled 5 miles at 4 miles per hour. How long did Christopher stroll?
Jose wandered 4 kilometers at 2 kilometers per hour. How long did Jose wander?
If Teresa jogged 25 kilometers at 5 kilometers per hour, how long was Teresa jogging?
If Teresa jogged 25 kilometers at 5 kilometers per hour, how long was Teresa jogging?
If Teresa jogged 25 kilometers at 5 kilometers per hour, how long was Teresa jogging?
If Benjamin skated 80 kilometers at 10 kilometers per hour, how long was Benjamin skating?
If Heather bicycled 40 kilometers at 8 kilometers per hour, how long was Heather bicycling?
If Benjamin skated 80 kilometers at 10 kilometers per hour, how long was Benjamin skating?
Jeremy strolled 20 kilometers at 2 kilometers per hour. How long did Jeremy stroll?
